smartlead_Info Extension
The smartlead_Info extension is a Node.js script designed to interact with the smartlead.ai API and Airtable database. It fetches campaign details from smartlead.ai and populates the "Campaigns" table in Airtable with comprehensive information about each campaign.

Overview
The extension utilizes the smartlead.ai API key (API_KEY) to access campaign data. It performs the following key functions:

Fetch Campaign Details: The script sends a GET request to https://server.smartlead.ai/api/v1/campaigns with the API key appended as a query parameter. It retrieves information such as campaign name, ID, user ID, and status.
Store Campaigns in Airtable: After successfully fetching campaign data, the extension creates new records in the Airtable "Campaigns" table. It maps the fetched attributes to corresponding fields in Airtable, such as "Campaign Name," "Campaign Id," "User_Id," and "Campaign Status."
Additional Analytics: For each campaign, the extension makes a secondary API call to fetch more detailed analytics from https://server.smartlead.ai/api/v1/campaigns/{campaign_id}/analytics. It gathers data such as lead counts, email statistics (sent, opened, clicked), and client information (name, email, company name).
Data Transformation and Update: Upon receiving analytics data, the extension calculates metrics like total leads, leads in different stages, email engagement rates, and client details. It then updates the corresponding records in Airtable with this enriched information.
Usage
To use the smartlead_Info extension:

Obtain your API key from smartlead.ai and ensure it has permissions to access campaign and analytics data.
Set up a table named "Campaigns" in your Airtable workspace with the specified fields (as mentioned in the README).
Clone the repository containing the extension script (smartlead_info.js) to your local machine.
Install Node.js and any required dependencies.
Configure the script by replacing API_KEY with your actual smartlead.ai API key and updating any other necessary parameters.
Run the script using Node.js:
bash
Copy code
node smartlead_info.js
The script will execute the fetching, transformation, and updating processes automatically, populating your Airtable "Campaigns" table with up-to-date campaign information.

Code Explanation
The code snippet provided in the README corresponds to the main functionality of the extension:

It initiates a fetch request to smartlead.ai's campaigns endpoint.
Upon successful retrieval, it iterates through each campaign, creates a new record in Airtable, and updates it with detailed analytics data.
Error handling is included to manage API response statuses and potential network issues.
Troubleshooting
If you encounter any issues while using the extension, consider the following steps for troubleshooting:

Verify that your smartlead.ai API key (API_KEY) is correctly configured in the script.
Ensure that the Airtable "Campaigns" table fields match the expected data structure for successful record creation and updates.
Check for any console logs or error messages generated during script execution to identify potential issues.
Review the smartlead.ai API documentation for any changes or updates that may affect the script's functionality.
Contributing
Contributions to the smartlead_Info extension are encouraged! If you have feature requests, bug fixes, or improvements to suggest, please follow the contribution guidelines outlined in the repository.

License
This extension is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more details.
